hkl baushop hkl baushop presents the
tsen puts his tsz uni that
vacuum hand publisher device bdv it 140
and the finished part of his ftz multi of
are probst in the hard construction site use
rocking devices essentials probst
offers here with the tsz uni the speed
evs 140 and ftz multi a complete
devices assortment around the construction everyday life
easier to do
the ftz multi consists of a single one
pliers shell with at screwed barren
picks baking for a variety of
tasks three different gripping bake
are available for the pliers
In this way, the FTZ multi
elements and stone lay all the way down to the
carved cuboids without defined shape
the ftz multi works purely mechanically
is with a automatic change and
feather catch bolt that provides
for quick and easy change
between the working stages full and
Teachers are said to be the most durable rubber
be exchanged so changes
you about the simple plug-in system
powerful dancer blower of bdv it 140
provides even highly porous plate coverings
and wash concrete surfaces securely on the
device builds in half a second
pressure and thus ensures speedy
work
you can hang the bdv it 140
also use with a bagger
the treads offset his tsz uni
is suitable for grasping and relocating
Angling curbs on edge of curbs
and l stones
their mouth is simply over one
Adjustable spring with the aid of
hang in eyelet is the pliers per
use crane hook
The TSZ Uni offers through its high
Immersion depth a secure grip
change automatically interchangeable
wear resistant rubber metal rails and
a galvanic galvanizing these are the
guarantors for easy operation and
the longevity of tsz uni the
tsen puts his tsz uni that
vacuum to publisher device bdv as 140
and who's sharing his ftz multi of
probst
hkl baushop everything for construction craft
industry and communities